Hi and welcome to the Python video Workbook!
This is a special course as it is entirely exercise based which means you are the one who is going to
create the programs, the Python programs instead of me in the video
as it generally happens with video courses. There are 100 exercises or assignments if you like
and in each assignment you are given a Python problem to solve.
That could be a way to fix an error or create a program from scratch or simply change a part of some
existing code to get an expected output.
The assignments are sometimes given as text and sometimes for more more complicated programs,
there will be a video where I show you the behavior of the program that you are required to build. And then each
exercise is immediately followed by the exercise solution so you can compare your solution to my solution.
However keep in mind that sometimes solutions can be different of course.
So if your output is the same as mine you can mark that exercise solved.
So output is what matters.
However if you are aren't sure about the efficiency of your solution you can post your solution in the
Q&A area so I can give you some feedback.
Moreover the exercises are scores depending on their difficulty level.
So you are advised to keep track of the points you collect because at the end of the course you will
be able to use your total points to see what category level your your Python skills fall in.
Yep that would be an introduction about the course and the next video
I'll show you with the tools you need to complete this course and the video after that
I'll demonstrate best practices on how to solve an exercise so that you are sure you are making the best
of the course.
I'll talk to you later.
Thanks.